side I am elected to the mayor de marseille deputy mayor since 95
now
but I still play as peugeot been launched in
in the municipal in this passion because if passion greedy you
are going to have the deal that I work towards youth on the city of
marseille
the jubilation of this game animation in a neighborhood
and percent of coach people there because there at the same time because
I heard about her because I knew
the link she had with with the particular neighborhoods north and thunderstorms
met him and we had a meeting and 6%
m with young people
you would not have wished yourself to be the candidate what you have a
more important experience around 10 to 20%
2 there are elected outgoing a lot of elected as outgoing and the important
it's about presenting women so
the ump and decided to introduce women
in a lot of normal dempster circumspection
that I am a substitute and that I should not help him and in addition I find
legitimate that
no girl from neighborhoods
Having grown up of the bandits above presents for what his needs
in politics of renewal people want to identify with elected officials what we
request it's politics we always think it's for the
the enarchs and and those who did the landais studies
we just know we want to help
his compatriots and paradoxically made his dynamism and view what she wants
damascus and so I will have I am with her and we redo the
neighborhoods it will be fine
and on the ground precisely stop it first that you put forward in this
are the ideas of the npa and the desire to see how the two are organized
the important thing is that
as I told you just now it's a girl from
immigration comes from the northern neighborhoods of marseille which
and the opportunity to give to the National Assembly it will be a
great first in this sense has never done it hurts marseille if crtc
motivation for me
and especially the yes is a program on which we rely but the message is
important is the
it's still
who better than europe is an asset its conception to the assembly
national